README.md, before:

# RxJava and SWT: Out with Events, in with FRP

<!---freshmark shields
output = [
	link(shield('Latest version', 'latest', '{{stable}}', 'blue'), 'https://github.com/{{org}}/{{name}}/releases/latest'),
	link(shield('License Apache', 'license', 'Apache', 'blue'), 'https://tldrlegal.com/license/apache-license-2.0-(apache-2.0)'),
	link(shield('Changelog', 'changelog', '{{version}}', 'brightgreen'), 'CHANGES.md'),
	link(image('Travis CI', 'https://travis-ci.org/{{org}}/{{name}}.svg?branch=master'), 'https://travis-ci.org/{{org}}/{{name}}'),
	link(shield('Live chat', 'gitter', 'live chat', 'brightgreen'), 'https://gitter.im/diffplug/durian')
	].join('\n');
-->
[![Latest version](https://img.shields.io/badge/latest-ecna2016-blue.svg)](https://github.com/diffplug/rxjava_and_swt/releases/latest)
[![License Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache-blue.svg)](https://tldrlegal.com/license/apache-license-2.0-(apache-2.0))
[![Changelog](https://img.shields.io/badge/changelog-1.1.0--SNAPSHOT-brightgreen.svg)](CHANGES.md)
[![Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/diffplug/rxjava_and_swt.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/diffplug/rxjava_and_swt)
[![Live chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitter-live_chat-brightgreen.svg)](https://gitter.im/diffplug/durian)
<!---freshmark /shields -->

## Acknowledgements

* Thanks to Randall Munroe for his excellent [color survey](http://blog.xkcd.com/2010/05/03/color-survey-results/) from [XKCD](http://www.xkcd.com/).
* Bugs found by [findbugs](http://findbugs.sourceforge.net/), [as such](https://github.com/diffplug/durian/blob/v2.0/build.gradle?ts=4#L92-L116).
* OSGi metadata generated by [Goomph] (https://github.com/diffplug/goomph), which leverages Peter Kriens' [bnd](http://www.aqute.biz/Bnd/Bnd).
* Built by [gradle](http://gradle.org/).
* Tested by [junit](http://junit.org/).
* Maintained by [DiffPlug](http://www.diffplug.com/).

Commit message:

Added links to EclipseCon and InfoQ recording.

README.md, after:

# RxJava and SWT: Out with Events, in with FRP

<!---freshmark shields
output = [
	link(shield('Latest version', 'latest', '{{stable}}', 'blue'), 'https://github.com/{{org}}/{{name}}/releases/latest'),
	link(shield('License Apache', 'license', 'Apache', 'blue'), 'https://tldrlegal.com/license/apache-license-2.0-(apache-2.0)'),
	link(shield('Changelog', 'changelog', '{{version}}', 'brightgreen'), 'CHANGES.md'),
	link(image('Travis CI', 'https://travis-ci.org/{{org}}/{{name}}.svg?branch=master'), 'https://travis-ci.org/{{org}}/{{name}}'),
	link(shield('Live chat', 'gitter', 'live chat', 'brightgreen'), 'https://gitter.im/diffplug/durian')
	].join('\n');
-->
[![Latest version](https://img.shields.io/badge/latest-ecna2016-blue.svg)](https://github.com/diffplug/rxjava_and_swt/releases/latest)
[![License Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache-blue.svg)](https://tldrlegal.com/license/apache-license-2.0-(apache-2.0))
[![Changelog](https://img.shields.io/badge/changelog-1.1.0--SNAPSHOT-brightgreen.svg)](CHANGES.md)
[![Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/diffplug/rxjava_and_swt.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/diffplug/rxjava_and_swt)
[![Live chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitter-live_chat-brightgreen.svg)](https://gitter.im/diffplug/durian)
<!---freshmark /shields -->

Presented at [EclipseCon NA 2016](https://www.eclipsecon.org/na2016/session/rxjava-and-swt-out-events-frp).

Recording is available on [InfoQ](https://www.infoq.com/presentations/rxjava-swt).

## Acknowledgements

* Thanks to Randall Munroe for his excellent [color survey](http://blog.xkcd.com/2010/05/03/color-survey-results/) from [XKCD](http://www.xkcd.com/).
* Bugs found by [findbugs](http://findbugs.sourceforge.net/), [as such](https://github.com/diffplug/durian/blob/v2.0/build.gradle?ts=4#L92-L116).
* OSGi metadata generated by [Goomph] (https://github.com/diffplug/goomph), which leverages Peter Kriens' [bnd](http://www.aqute.biz/Bnd/Bnd).
* Built by [gradle](http://gradle.org/).
* Tested by [junit](http://junit.org/).
* Maintained by [DiffPlug](http://www.diffplug.com/).
